Readme (#162)
megaease/easegress: README.md

    - [More Filters](#more-filters)
  - [Documentation](#documentation)
  - [Roadmap](#roadmap)

>   - [Slack](#slack)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Community](#community)
```

See [Easegress Roadmap](./doc/Roadmap.md) for details.

> ## Slack
> 
> Welcome to our [slack channel](https://openmegaease.slack.com/archives/C028Z6SUCU9) for products and details discussion.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Community

- [Slack Channel](https://openmegaease.slack.com/archives/C028Z6SUCU9) for requirement, issue and development.
- [MegaEase on Twitter](https://twitter.com/megaease) 

```

Author: updated
